Anna will start with measuring your head; this is to determine which cap will fit best. There are different sizes of caps, and we just want to be sure that you get the cap that fits best. Then, after Anna made sure the cap fits, we will start putting gel into the 128 little holes of the cap. For this, it’s easiest if you already sit in the white chair. We have to fil each gap with gel, so the electrical signals of your brain get transferred to the electrodes. It feels a little bit funny, like a head massage. Some people actually like the feeling of this! After we put gel in each gap, we will connect the electrodes. There are 128 electrodes, and each of them has an own letter and number and they all fit in its “own” gap. That’s kind of a puzzle for us! While one of us is searching for all the matching electrodes and gaps, the other person will put electrodes on you face and 1 on your pulse. There will be 7 electrodes on your face and behind your ears. We use them to measure facial expressions and eye movements, which also give brain activity, but we actually are not interested in that kind of activity, so we filter it out afterwards. After we have done this, you are ready to go! Anna has to check if all electrodes are at the right spot, and it could be that we have to add some gel in some of the electrodes. Also you get earplugs, because you will hear some tones in the tasks we are going to do. If everything works the way it should, we can start! If you want, you can play/have your mobile phone or iPad while we are preparing the cap, or we can just chat a little bit. Once we are all ready to start, we will ask you parent to leave the room and we will briefly explain you what you have to do. We will do three tasks and I will not briefly explain it and when we get started I will explain or make sure you know what to do. In the first task you do not really have to do anything, except sit as still as possible and watch the screen. You will hear some tones through the earplugs, but you do not have to react on that. You can just sit and watch the cross on the screen. The first task takes 2 times 6 minutes and there is a little pause in between. During the second task, you get this button box, and you have to press the red or blue button (left or right button) when the middle arrow points to the left or to the right. This task takes also 12 minutes and has little break in between. In the last task you can watch a movie about animals, while you hear some tones through the earplugs. This task takes 18minutes. It is very important that you sit as still as possible during the task, and when there are pauses or break, you can move! Please save all your movements for those breaks! You can also have a drink in the breaks, or talk to us if you need that, but please sit still during the tasks. Now you are going to hear some tones again. You do not have to pay attention to the tones. You can just sit and watch a video that I will put on. So again, just as the first task, you can just sit and relax but try to sit as still as possible. It takes about 18 minutes and after this task we are done with the EEG and you get candy.

